# Team Meeting (week of February 13th)

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/02/16/6:00pm**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/02/16/6:30pm** 

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Jacob, Issac, Brenden, Mergahni

(Eric accidentally brought the wrong laptop and couldn't join)

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed

##### Frontend redesign
- made some mockup pages for a redesign of frontend
- drew on a whiteboard online to come up with ideas
- used online paint and posted mockups in #page-designs in Discord
- Eric now has some good mockups so he can creatively design without wondering about the direction of the app

##### General Stuff everyone is working on
- cleaning up repo and removing tech debt

##### Issac
- working on improving the look of the detailed-rekognition-output page
- cleaning up video player implementation

##### Eric 
- redesigning application pages

##### Mergahni 
- working on decoupling various aws modules

##### Brenden
- looking at postgres refactoring and updating our model for case, file, and awsoutput

##### Jacob
- finished standardizing API responses to make it clearer what an API response looks like
- working on decoupling postgres next

## Things Clarified
- using design-first mentality
- need to clean up, redesign app before adding user functionality
- want to get more done at the beginning of the iteration so we don't panic