# Team Meeting on 03/27/2023

## Meeting Start Time

 **2023/27/03/6:00 PM** 

## Meeting End Time

 **2023/27/03/6:30 PM** 

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Jacob, Issac, Eric, Mergahni

## Minute Recorder

Eric

## Topics Discussed

##### Issac
- Instead of seeing it in the video, similar to CM Audio it opens a whole export thing
- Working with the Label Detection 
- Scheduling meeting with Cornelius to show proposed changes

##### Jacob
- Work on user experience comparing ours to CM Audio 
- Prepare Figma mockups

##### Eric 
- Fix Sign in Pages 
- Reconfigure and remove sign up

## Things Clarified

- Try to complete goals by end of week
- Need posterboard ideas 
