# Team Meeting on 03/27/2023

## Meeting Start Time

 **2023/04/11/1:00 PM** 

## Meeting End Time

 **2023/04/11/1:30 PM** 

## Location/Medium

Student Symposium

## Present

Jacob, Issac, Eric, Mergahni

## Minute Recorder

Jacob

## Topics Discussed
- Let users test the application to see if its user friendly 

##### Issac
- Attribute Definitions for labels (specifically color attributes)

##### Jacob
- Adding confidence slider to file-rekognition-view
- Look into filtering out certain labels
- Working on enhanced create new user flow
- Polished some css from last iteration

##### Eric
- fix the login Screen
- Make it where the sidenav is locked when not signed in 
- possibly make a dark theme? 
- Reaserch colors to improve visibility 

##### Merghani
- Improve integration tests
- Add feature where users can delete previous created cases

## Things Clarified
- Need to focus on new features this iteration
- What is Ionic?
- Need to schedule another meeting with Corn to show user flow

## Tasks Distributed
- See Topics Discussed
- Each person has assigned tasks to complete features early, so we can use the last week to polish the app as a whole.