# Mentor Meeting on 10/10/2022

## Meeting Start Time

 **2022/12/07/3:00** 

## Meeting End Time

 **2022/12/07/3:30** 
 
## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Eric, Merghani, Issac, Jacob, Brendan

## Minute Recorder

Eric 

## Topics Discussed

Iteration 2 Documents, got feedback from client

## Things Clarified

Whats next and feedback

## Notes

###### Team
- Showing the front-end and back-end side of thing 
- maybe moving to frames insteadf of running on the video itself, and get results even faster/ its a thought and not yet fully thought about 
- the backend works perfectly, connecting it with the frontend has been a bit of an issue 
- lots of plug and play where everything is designed to be moved 
- Full stack exp for the user 

##### CEO
#### Summarizing we we said
- connecting front-end 
- backend speed issue

- question on frame by frame in terms of speed
- Figuring out the pathways 
-  WHat ur saying is that the video doing it frame by frames which can be alot which means more jobs and what if it gets better. 
-  if you split the video you have label issues 
-  frames can go out of place example is frame 1045 can be done before frame 1 
-  How much do we lose in abilty to seach throught that, whats the change between picture to video 

##### iteration 3 features  
- before anything send a video and see what it does 
