StudentSymposium/README.md, before:

# 5 people listening to our presentation
Picture of Jacob presenting to Michael, Mary, and Sam:
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095414600712863854/IMG_9399.jpg?width=893&height=670

Picture of Eric, Isaac, and Jacob presenting to Joah:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261868507286/IMG_3462.jpg

Picture of Eric, Isaac, and Jacob presenting to Noah:
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261121921084/IMG_3460.jpg?width=892&height=670

Picture of Isaac and Jacob presenting to judges:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095414601170030662/IMG_9397.jpg

We also presented to Prof. Xin Sun and Prof. Lan Lin. We also met Kevin, who we didn't get a picture with, and a few others where we didn't get their name or a picture.

# One paragraph about the Symposium from each member
### Jacob ###
- I thought the Symposium was an overall positive experience. We arrived at around 11:30am and were able to talk to the other members of the CS capstone about their projects and generally socialize, which was nice. It was nice presenting to the judges and to random people interested in what we were doing. We also got some nice feedback about making the software more ADA compliant with different color palette choices. Please, next year, don't make the students take pictures with strangers and get their names. It's awkward at best and rude at worst to ask that of someone when you just met them.

### Isaac ###
- here

### Merghani ###
- here

### Eric ###
- here

# Team pictures
- Note: Merghani showed up a bit late because he had class, and we didn't get a picture with him in it but he was there!
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424260807331840/IMG_3459.jpg?width=892&height=670
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261121921084/IMG_3460.jpg?width=892&height=670
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261478420500/IMG_3461.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261868507286/IMG_3462.jpg

Commit message:

add Isaacs paragraph about experience at Symposium

StudentSymposium/README.md, after:

# 5 people listening to our presentation
Picture of Jacob presenting to Michael, Mary, and Sam:
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095414600712863854/IMG_9399.jpg?width=893&height=670

Picture of Eric, Isaac, and Jacob presenting to Joah:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261868507286/IMG_3462.jpg

Picture of Eric, Isaac, and Jacob presenting to Noah:
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261121921084/IMG_3460.jpg?width=892&height=670

Picture of Isaac and Jacob presenting to judges:
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095414601170030662/IMG_9397.jpg

We also presented to Prof. Xin Sun and Prof. Lan Lin. We also met Kevin, who we didn't get a picture with, and a few others where we didn't get their name or a picture.

# One paragraph about the Symposium from each member
### Jacob ###
- I thought the Symposium was an overall positive experience. We arrived at around 11:30am and were able to talk to the other members of the CS capstone about their projects and generally socialize, which was nice. It was nice presenting to the judges and to random people interested in what we were doing. We also got some nice feedback about making the software more ADA compliant with different color palette choices. Please, next year, don't make the students take pictures with strangers and get their names. It's awkward at best and rude at worst to ask that of someone when you just met them.

### Isaac ###
- I found the symposium to be a cool experience. Our group got together near our usual class time, and setting up didn't take very long. It gave me a little bit of time to look at some of the other projects before the event actually started. It was cool to see what students in other departments were up to for their projects, and also how many of them have to learn a little bit of programming to accomplish their goals. I actually got a chance to talk to one of the gentlemen that won an award, whose table was right next to ours.

### Merghani ###
- here

### Eric ###
- here

# Team pictures
- Note: Merghani showed up a bit late because he had class, and we didn't get a picture with him in it but he was there!
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424260807331840/IMG_3459.jpg?width=892&height=670
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261121921084/IMG_3460.jpg?width=892&height=670
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261478420500/IMG_3461.jpg
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1039978209334280284/1095424261868507286/IMG_3462.jpg
