Documentation/Development.md, before:

# Development

## Git Repository
>https://github.com/jacobbishop1000/video-crime-miner

## Tech aspects

Tech stack is:
- Angular
- Ionic
- Node
- Amazon Rekognition
- Amazon S3 Bucket
- Amazon SQS
- Amazon SNS
- PostgreSQL

## Technologies Needed

- NodeJS (npm) >= 19.0.0
 
## Required IDEs, Frameworks

- No required IDE
- Need a terminal to use git, npm

## Cloning project and initial configurations

1. In your terminal, move to desired folder location for the project. 
2. run **'git clone https://github.com/jacobbishop1000/video-crime-miner'**
3. move into the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/node-video-crime-miner/'** and run **'npm install'**
3. move into the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/angular-video-crime-miner/'** and run **'npm install'**

## Folder Structure

- **angular-video-crime-miner/**: contains configuration files for angular/typescript
    - **angular-video-crime-miner/node_modules/** contains node dependencies after npm install
    - **angular-video-crime-miner/out/** folder contains compiled code from TypeScript to JavaScript
    - **angular-video-crime-miner/src/**: source code for front-end site
        - **angular-video-crime-miner/src/app/**:  html, scss, and angular scripts for each of the site modules
- **node-video-crime-miner**: source code for aws node clients, also contains configuration files for node/typescript
    - **node-video-crime-miner/cli/**: simple command line interface to interact with files in s3 buckets and handle jobs from rekognition
    - **node-video-crime-miner/resources/**: contains a few sample files for testing uploads to s3 buckets and video analysis
    - **node-video-crime-miner/src/**:
        - **node-video-crime-miner/src/node/**: contains source code for creating and managing new clients for s3 and rekognition
        - **node-video-crime-miner/src/video/**: contains source code for connecting video object in s3 bucket to rekognition client, managing SNS messages and SQS queues for tracking progress on video analysis, and collecting report of detected labels
    - **node-video-crime-miner/test/**: contains the test files for s3, rekognition, sqs/sns client interaction
    - **node-video-crime-miner/node_modules/** contains node dependencies after npm install
    - **node-video-crime-miner/out/** folder contains compiled code from TypeScript to JavaScript

## Important config files

Node/Angular Configuration

- **angular-video-crime-miner/package.json**
    - contains build information (build parameters, dependencies) for Angular
- **node-video-crime-miner/package.json**
    - contains build information (build parameters, dependencies) for Node

Typescript Configuration
- **angular-video-crime-miner/tsconfig.json**
    - contains TypeScript settings for Angular
- **node-video-crime-miner/tsconfig.json**
    - contains TypeScript settings for Node

>*Both of these tsconfig files have additional tsconfig.spec.json and tsconfig.app.json. The contents of these files will be treated as if they were appended to the contents of tsconfig.json*

Jest Configuration
- **node-video-crime-miner/jest.config.js**
    - contains settings for jest test suite

## How to Test and Interpret the Results

1. Open a new terminal and move to the folder **{project root}/video-crime-miner/node-video-crime-miner/**

2. make sure to have run **'npm install'** in this folder

3. run **'npm test'** to run jest tests
    > if Jest gives errors, make sure your version of node is >= 19.0.0

4. The terminal output displays test results with visual aids (green check marks, red x's, etc.)

## How to Replicate Via Docker

1. Open a terminal and move to the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/**. You should find a dockerfile there.

2. Run the command **'docker build -t video-crime-miner .'** to build the image for the project.
    >*Note: the -t flag value is just for a title. You can name it whatever you want, of course.*

3. Navigate to the Docker Desktop application and view your images. You should find it built there. Click the **Run** button.

4. In the window that pops up, click **Optional settings** and fill in three required environment variables with the following names:
    >*REGION* is the AWS region you'll be accessing from
    >*AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID* is the AWS access key to use their services
    >*AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY* is the AWS secret access key to use their services

5. Click **Run** and your video-crime-miner is now containerized in Docker.

Commit message:

added details about recreating local database, changed some details regarding folder structure

Documentation/Development.md, after:

# Development

## Git Repository
>https://github.com/jacobbishop1000/video-crime-miner

## Tech aspects

Tech stack is:
- Angular
- Ionic
- Node
- Amazon Rekognition
- Amazon S3 Bucket
- Amazon SQS
- Amazon SNS
- PostgreSQL

## Technologies Needed

- NodeJS (npm) >= 19.0.0
- PostgreSQL >= 15.0

 
## Required IDEs, Frameworks

- No required IDE
- Need a terminal to use git, npm, psql

## Cloning project and initial configurations

1. In your terminal, move to desired folder location for the project. 
2. run **'git clone https://github.com/jacobbishop1000/video-crime-miner'**
3. move into the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/node-video-crime-miner/'** and run **'npm run build'**
3. move into the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/angular-video-crime-miner/'** and run **'npm run build-site'**

## Folder Structure

- **angular-video-crime-miner/**: contains configuration files for angular/typescript
    - **angular-video-crime-miner/node_modules/** contains node dependencies after npm install
    - **angular-video-crime-miner/src/**: source code for front-end site
        - **angular-video-crime-miner/src/app/**:  html, scss, and angular scripts for each of the site modules
- **node-video-crime-miner**: source code for aws node clients, also contains configuration files for node/typescript
    - **node-video-crime-miner/resources/**: contains a few sample files for testing uploads to s3 buckets and video analysis
    - **node-video-crime-miner/src/**:
        - **node-video-crime-miner/src/AWS Layer/**: contains source code for creating and managing new clients for s3, sqs, sns, rekognition
        - **node-video-crime-miner/src/cli/**: simple command line interface to interact with files in s3 buckets and handle jobs from rekognition
    - **node-video-crime-miner/test/**: contains the test files for s3, rekognition, sqs/sns client interaction
    - **node-video-crime-miner/node_modules/** contains node dependencies after npm install
    - **node-video-crime-miner/out/** folder contains compiled code from TypeScript to JavaScript

## Important config files

Node/Angular Configuration

- **angular-video-crime-miner/angular.json**
    - contains build information (build parameters, dependencies) for Angular
- **angular-video-crime-miner/package.json**
    - contains build information (build parameters, dependencies) for Angular
- **node-video-crime-miner/package.json**
    - contains build information (build parameters, dependencies) for Node

Typescript Configuration
- **angular-video-crime-miner/tsconfig.json**
    - contains TypeScript settings for Angular
- **node-video-crime-miner/tsconfig.json**
    - contains TypeScript settings for Node

>*Both of these tsconfig files have additional tsconfig.spec.json and tsconfig.app.json. The contents of these files will be treated as if they were appended to the contents of tsconfig.json*

Environment Variable Configuration
- **node-video-crime-miner/.env
    - contains important environment variables that cannot be stored in source code

Jest Configuration
- **node-video-crime-miner/jest.config.js**
    - contains settings for jest test suite

## How to Test and Interpret the Results

1. Open a new terminal and move to the folder **{project root}/video-crime-miner/node-video-crime-miner/**

2. make sure to have run **'npm run build'** in this folder

3. run **'npm run test'** to run jest tests
    > if Jest gives errors, make sure your version of node is >= 19.0.0

4. The terminal output displays test results with visual aids (green check marks, red x's, etc.)

## Building a database

1. Open a new terminal and move to the folder **{project root}/video-crime-miner/node-video-crime-miner/postgre/**

2. run **'npm run remake-database'**, and there will be a locally stored and ran postgresql database

3. add the following values to your .env file
` #Database
DBHOST=video-crime-db.ctwaqu2tknqu.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com
DBUSER=postgres
DB=video-crime-miner
DBPORT=5432
DBPASSWORD=Mpkx6TXt164zdFNFgp47`

## How to Replicate Via Docker

1. Open a terminal and move to the folder **'{project root}/video-crime-miner/**. You should find a dockerfile there.

2. Run the command **'docker build -t video-crime-miner .'** to build the image for the project.
    >*Note: the -t flag value is just for a title. You can name it whatever you want, of course.*

3. Navigate to the Docker Desktop application and view your images. You should find it built there. Click the **Run** button.

4. In the window that pops up, click **Optional settings** and fill in three required environment variables with the following names:
    >*REGION* is the AWS region you'll be accessing from
    >*AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID* is the AWS access key to use their services
    >*AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY* is the AWS secret access key to use their services

5. Click **Run** and your video-crime-miner is now containerized in Docker.
